♪
[HORI]
So much has happened.
♪
I won't even pretend like
I remember every little detail.
Because each day was unique
in its own way.
Though most of the memories
have faded
or vanished completely,
some are still as vivid now
as they were then.
♪
As if they happened yesterday.
Kyoto! Fall leaves! Temples!
Yup.
Yuki sure is pumped up
for this trip.
See all the tre--
Take a breath 'n' chill,
Yoshikawa.
You aren't the boss of me,
Toru!
Father and child.
I get the hype.
This is her first time ever
coming to Kyoto.
I'm not as stoked since I came
during middle school.
We have that in common.
Guess Kyoto's the standard.
But we get to do way more
on our own now
that we're high schoolers,
which is great!
Uh-huh.
Except at night...
Oh, yeah. Your tattoos.
-Will you be able to take baths?
-[Miyamura gasp]
I don't think so, no.
But I'm fully prepared to go
without them for the whole trip.
Too bad boys
don't have private baths
in their rooms like the girls.
-Gonna change clothes, at least?
-In a bathroom stall.
I see. Good luck.
[MIYAMURA] Will I enjoy
this trip, like, at all?
[HORI] Will he enjoy this trip,
like, at all?
There you guys are!
Took you long enough, huh?
-[ISHIKAWA] 'Sup, Shu?
-[YOSHIKAWA] Yo!
[ISHIKAWA]
Where'd everyone else go?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Um.
-Your yelling scared 'em, I bet.
-Who's what did what?
Lookie! I got souvenirs
from the shop up ahead!
Had to strike
while the iron was hot!
[MIYAMURA, HORI]
Souvenirs on day one?
Dude. Why load up
with more junk to carry
before you make it to the hotel?
[Iura laughs]
That's a good point.
Let's eat 'em now!
-Wanna help me out, Miyamura?
-Um, I, uh-
The kid's nuts to go and buy
that stuff right off the bat.
[HORI] Her enthusiasm
just evaporated.
[HORI] Hey, aren't you
and Iura in the same room?
[MIYAMURA] Yeah.
Me, him, and Ishikawa.
It'll be fine.
[HORI]
Something tells me it won't.
[giggles]
[indistinct chatter]
[YOSHIKAWA]
This bed is so soft!
The whole room's even better
than I thought it'd be!
[YOSHIKAWA] But,
having free time 'til dinner
is pretty worthless.
-There's nothing to do.
-You got that right.
Let's crash another room.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Ooh! Like a boys' room?
Maybe.
[MIYAMURA] If neither of us
grabbed the key...
Shu picked it up,
then disappeared.
What are you two doing?
We're waiting.
Shu has our room key.
-Seen him around, Mizouchi?
-Sure.
Saw him waltz into that room
a minute ago.
[ISHIKAWA] Open this door
right now, you idiot!
[MIYAMURA]
Calm down! Inside voice!
My bad. For napping.
I'm not mad that you napped,
I'm mad you didn't let us
in first!
At least our stuff
is in the room now.
Why don't we take it easy
till dinner?
You know, that's not a bad idea.
What's our timeframe
lookin' like, anyway?
Hang on. I'll check.
[SHIKAWA]
Shu, are you awake?
Maybe I'll take a nap, too.
-[yawns]
-Hold up!
We have to hop in the bath
before dinner, right?
-[ISHIKAWA] Do we?
-[MIYAMURA] Oh, crap.
-Let's get squeaky clean!
-[MIYAMURA] No! Let's not!
Stop being so shy!
Everyone here is a bro!
Um, I'm gonna
take my bath later.
Hey. Move it along, Group One.
There's a line.
[MIYAMURA]
Please help me, Ishikawa?
[ISHIKAWA]
I think he's, uh, feeling sick.
You have a fever? Or a cold? Or?
Well, not a cold, exactly.
He's not "normal" sick.
He's on his period.
Oh... You have those?
[nods]
[STUDENT 1] Come on,
what's the holdup, guys?
-Go take your dumb baths.
-Dude, shut up!
We're dealing with
an existential crisis in here!
[STUDENT 2]
What?
Hey, so,
that was a good cover, right?
Good cover. And goodbye.
Hey, what's goin' on?
Apparently,
I'm on my period right now.
This from the guy who got
top marks in phys ed?
You've gotta be kidding!
That was your excuse to get out
of the public bath?
Oh, my gosh! Wait.
So then you aren't taking one
at all?
Nope. Cramps are pretty intense,
so I'm gonna pass.
You know,
the shower in our room is free.
Yuki went to visit a friend,
and won't be back for a while.
But, we'd get in trouble.
A guy showering
in a girl's room?
Oh, well! Only if you want to.
You don't have to.
[sighs]
I feel so alive.
You could've taken your time
and used the hair dryer.
I don't think either of us could
afford for me to take my time.
D'you hear from Yoshikawa?
-Not yet.
-[MIYAMURA] Cool.
[HORI] I should prep my stuff
for tomorrow
while I have the chance.
Be honest. Would you just let
any guy in your room
if they were between a rock
and a hard place?
You shouldn't, Hori.
Which is why I wouldn't do it!
-[MIYAMURA] Really?
-[HORI] Really.
[MIYAMURA]
You let me inside, though.
[HORI]
Because you're not like that.
You'd never, you know.
So why even pretend
like you are, when you aren't?
[MIYAMURA]
Aren't what?
What am I?
You're a trustworthy
kind of guy!
You wouldn't try something?
Sure about that?
I should be getting back
to my own hotel room.
Thanks again for the shower.
Wait. Hey!
[HORI] So if I said he could try
something, he would?
And why'd he ask about letting
other guys in my room anyway?
[MIYAMURA]
I took her towel.
Oh, there you are.
Yay, you can join
the yukata club, too!
Where've you been
all night, dude?
Well, um... Just out.
Whoa! Over there!
-Maiko, at ten o'clock!
-It's rude to point!
-Hey there, ladies!
-Don't wave at them!
[MIYAMURA]
I'll give your towel back later.
[HORI]
We have plenty more.
But speaking of,
what's your plan for tonight?
Huh?
[HORI]
To wash up?
I'll handle Yuki
if you come over.
[MIYAMURA]
Oh. Don't worry.
There's a late bath for people
who miss their time slot.
-I can go then.
-[HORI] That's convenient.
Should've read the itinerary
more carefully. I'm sorry.
Don't be.
Thanks for waiting. Your turn.
Sure about that?
[HORI]
Now I feel plain stupid
for thinking so much
about how to respond.
And why wait till today
to read the rules?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Hori?
-You gonna take a bath or what?
-Yup!
And not comin' out
till 11:00 p.m.!
You'll be a prune.
[YOSHIKAWA] This class trip
flew by so frickin' fast.
[HORI]
Sure did.
Parting's such sweet sorrow,
but bye for now, Kyoto.
[YOSHIKAWA]
We've got pics to remember it.
Ooh, and I've got space
for more!
-Gimme a peace sign!
-Stop it, Yuki!
I'll make you copies
when I get these printed, 'kay?
[HORI]
Thanks, girl.
Between yours and our teacher's
photos, we'll have a ton!
[camera beeping]
[YOSHIKAWA] [giggles]
Look at Iura messing with Toru!
[HORI]
That was really funny.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Here's you stuffing your face.
Hope we come back together
when we're older.
Same.
[both giggle]
Hey! They want us on the buses,
like, now!
We're on our way!
[inhale then exhale]
Over too soon.
-Race all of y'all to the bus!
-[IURA] Oh, it is on!
[HORI]
Miyamura.
This was a pretty
nice class trip, huh?
♪
[MIYAMURA]
Yeah, it was.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Get the lead out, slowpokes!
[HORI, MIYAMURA]
Coming!
Miyamura?
Oh, wow! It really is you!
Just with shorter hair!
-Looks good!
-Turn off the hose
before you keep talking!
Remi didn't realize! Sorry!
You're absolutely soaked, huh?
[MIYAMURA] It's fine.
I'll wring myself out later.
That won't do, though!
Dry off with a towel.
The nurse has some!
We need the nurse for this?
-Ta-da!
-Um, thanks a lot.
[MIYAMURA] Can we use these
when the nurse isn't even here?
You should maybe
lose the cardigan.
Nah. I'll leave it.
[AYASAKI]
Remi's really curious
why you always keep
your skin covered up.
You didn't even take baths
with the other boys
during the class trip to Kyoto.
Not to mention you opt
for running marathons
over swimming
when it's hot out.
Like, who does that?
I'll tell you who does that!
Your boyfriend,
the student council president!
Yes.
But that doesn't bug me at all.
Why not?
[AYASAKI]
Speaking of Sengoku,
he told me you only change
in bathroom stalls
and empty classrooms.
So, how come?
[MIYAMURA]
Dang it.
She's more stubborn
than I thought.
[gasps]
[screams] The heck?
I thought you might be a girl,
so I checked you for boobs.
My face and physique
aren't girly enough though!
Are they?
-Homegirl's suspicious.
-She'll find me out.
I know it. But I'm tired.
-And very hot.
-[ISHIKAWA] The truth comes out.
I was thinking.
What if you wore a sweater vest?
Arm tattoo'd show.
[ISHIKAWA] Yet, you'll wear
a sailor-style uniform.
[MIYAMURA]
I have the chance, but why?
I really don't get
what's going on in Hori's head.
I'll try it on,
tell her it was too small
since there's no way it'll fit,
and that'll be that.
[IORI]
Hello, Toru. Come on in.
[ISHIKAWA]
Sorry, I didn't call ahead.
-[IORI] Izumi's in his room.
-[ISHIKAWA] Hey, hey!
Need to bum a textbook off you.
I forgot mine back at school,
and since you live closer-
-Wait, what's wrong? Dude?
-Please, not now!
Your timing sucks!
It's not what you think,
Ishikawa! I swear!
I...
Think you're rockin' it.
That was not
what it looked like!
So, what?
You won't wear one again?
You should reconsider, man.
Ah, but maybe
with different hair?
Yeah. A bit longer,
but not too much.
Shoulder length.
Or till it hides your ears,
maybe.
[MIYAMURA]
Enough with the mental makeover,
alright?
[ISHIKAWA] The plan is to grow
it out for six months.
[MIYAMURA]
I veto this plan!
What's so great about me
in a sailor uniform?
That sight turned you
way off before!
[ISHIKAWA]
No, it didn't!
You rocked it,
and I said as much!
Well, excuse me for trying
to block that memory...
[SENGOKU] I seem to run into
them a lot lately.
-Prezident!
-Sengoku!
-Blazers or sailor suits?
-Which one is better?
For me, the sailor style's
where it's at!
That silhouette steals my breath
every single time!
[MIYAMURA] No, blazers are way
more versatile.
They work with both neckties
and ribbons. Right, Prez?
What crazy conversation
did I just stumble into?
You know! Men's fantasies!
Girl clothes that turn dudes on!
-Oh. Clothing preferences.
-That's right!
This guy's trying to convince me
that sailor suits
are the way to go.
I prefer gym clothes.
What? That's not weird!
Athletic wear's super sexy!
Now, when you say gym clothes,
you really mean
school bathing suits,
-right?
-[gasps]
If that's actually true,
you're hardcore!
-Well, it's not!
-Then it's the gym bloomers.
Know what year we live in?
If those aren't trendy
these days, what is?
-Navy blue socks.
-They're like, my weakness.
[HORI]
Miyamura likes blazers.
-And black knee-highs, too.
-Okay, that I get behind.
[AYASAKI] Yes,
but that doesn't bug me at all.
[MIYAMURA]
Why not?
Your shirt's a little
on the baggy side, isn't it?
Think so? They're all this way.
[AYASAKI]
I like his slender body.
He's self-conscious about it,
and always puts shirts on
underneath his button-down.
But, Remi's well aware.
[MIYAMURA, SENGOKU]
No way!
You both were really
caught off guard, huh?
Yeah, swimming's optional,
except the last day,
when all the boys
have to participate.
Well, no one told us that!
'Cause the rule just changed
this year.
This printout details it,
and you all got one.
And you can't be absent
without a good excuse, either.
-Like a broken leg?
-Don't be reckless, Miyamura!
This isn't fair!
Why only the boys?
I know!
I couldn't agree with you more!
For different reasons!
Always and forever,
I will question the ones
who let you teach.
I'm pretty intelligent.
And I like high school girls.
-Arrest this man!
-Hey.
Back to the swimming.
It's just one day,
so go on and do it.
Can I jump in dressed like this?
I'd also prefer
wearing normal clothes.
Sure, if you wanna drown.
The issue's the swim trunks?
My clothes are like
a second layer of skin to me,
if you can grasp that.
Are you saying
you'd have a student
rip off his own skin?
Leaving him to bake
under the scorching sun
and boil in chlorine?
[YASUDA]
Calm down, Sengoku.
This just in, "Student Skinned
Alive By Cruel School."
[YASUDA]
Don't make up scary headlines.
We have four days left.
If only the world would end.
Wait. Four days?
Then I have a legit excuse.
Oh? This oughta be good.
My cycle will start again.
'Cause it hits
every twenty-eight days.
You talkin' about what I think
you're talkin' about?
Hey! That's cheating!
I forgot!
My cycle's also gonna start!
-Mister Prezident!
-[Yasuda groan]
Drop the crap right now!
No matter how much you whine,
you're doing this whether
it suits you guys or not.
[gasps] Oh.
Well, nothing "suits".
If you follow me.
No. But I'd like to follow.
Thing is, I don't have
a bathing suit to call my own.
Heh. Nice try, kid.
But the school's
prepared for that,
and lets students like you
rent swimsuits for free.
-Oh, wow. Lucky you.
-Yeah.
Why don't the ladies have a pool
and get free swimsuits?
Because people like you exist.
Clearly.
I never should've applied
to Katagiri.
But without this school,
you wouldn't have met Hori,
so fair trade.
Don't sell me short.
I still would've met her.
-Watch your tongue, old man.
-I'll expel you, punk.
Four days from now, I hope
my arm explodes when I wake up.
[YASUDA]
Can't you just fake a cold?
Fine, a cold it is.
A cold that makes
my entire arm explode.
What kind of colds
do you typically catch?
At least you can wear
a swimsuit, Prez.
While I'm left to suffer.
Whatever it is you're hiding
sounds tremendous.
I see. All this
because you're ashamed
to be seen without a shirt?
How is wearing shorts in a pool
any different from going
to English naked?
Are those two things
not the same?
[YASUDA] You're talking
to your English teacher, idiot.
I'd rather be
publicly guillotined
than be seen in a swimsuit.
Okay, I really don't get
why this is a matter of life
and death for you, Prez.
[sighs]
What I do get is that you boys
don't want in that pool.
So, I'll talk to Sasaki
and see what I can do.
[BOTH] You're kidding!
Except you better not be!
Speak to your elders politely.
[BOTH]
You really rock!
-That your idea of polite?
-I can't believe my ears!
You'll actually talk
to Coach Sasaki?
Yeah, I'll talk to him, happy?
No promises, though.
It's a teacher's duty to listen
to students' concerns
and find proper solutions!
[YASUDA] Don't put it like that.
Now I'm nervous.
In four days' time
the clothes will stay on!
[YASUDA]
What's with the aggression?
I still need a valid reason
from both of you.
I was in an explosion,
and it's his time of the month.
That's all.
Those are the excuses
you want me to tell 'em?
Honestly, no.
Compromises led us
to those results.
This is gonna be a pain.
[sighs]
What a relief.
I wasn't sure what I'd do.
Could go for a beach day.
-What?
-Huh?
[IURA]
Woo-hoo!
Come on!
No cannonballs allowed!
Nothin' beats the pool!
How are you not hot
in that getup?
Oh, I'm very hot.
-But I'll be okay.
-You're making me hot!
Hey, get to work, slackers!
I want it spotless!
[MIYAMURA, SENGOKU]
Yes, sir.
[SENGOKU]
Jeez!
It's like walking on lava!
Did you not think
to bring some sandals?
Remi took them
before I got here.
-Then take a dip and cool off!
-I would if I was alone.
What're you, a girl?
-Sengoku Splash!
-You're asking for it!
That's right, so bring it, Prez!
[SENGOKU]
Ouch.
[MIYAMURA] We were just
clowning around a little.
[SASAKI]
I want a clean deck, not clowns!
[ISHIKAWA]
You guys good?
[HORI] How's it goin',
shrinking violets? Working hard?
-[SENGOKU] Whoa! Kyo-chan!
-It's not that shocking.
-You skipping class?
-[HORI] Girls got out at noon.
-See ya!
-Oh, hey, Remi?
-Can I have my sandals?
-No way, José!
I'm not ever giving them back!
-[HORI] They look comfy.
-[AYASAKI] They are!
[STUDENT 1]
I hear the sweet sound of babes!
[STUDENT 2]
Where?
Ayasaki's feet
are ours to behold!
Look how cute her
little tootsies are.
[SENGOKU] Get back in the pool,
you sleazy water demons!
Man, he is royally pissed at us!
What happened?
What part of the word "clean"
don't you understand?
[MIYAMURA, SENGOKU]
Sorry.
Why are we scrubbing the deck
when it's not even dirty,
though?
-My thoughts exactly.
-[YASUDA] Hey.
How goes, guys?
-Savior.
-Messiah.
[YASUDA] Don't call me that.
It bothers me.
How are you not burning up
in that thing?
Oh, I am.
My answer never changes.
Getting tired of hearing
that one, huh?
So, did you just stop by
to say hey?
Got bored 'cause the girls
were released early.
[groans] It's a sausage fest.
I kinda figured
that was the case.
[TERAJIMA]
Mister Yasuda!
Miss Terajima.
You're outside
when I put you in charge
of the boys' supplemental class.
-Are you stupid or something?
-Yeah. Very possible.
He said he was intelligent
four days ago.
Honestly! I don't have time
for this nonsense!
Your legs are like, the size
of my pinky, man!
That isn't by choice you know.
Do you know your hip
measurements?
No.
Better question for you.
Never learn how to swim?
I did.
I'm practically like a fish.
I become invincible
as soon as I hit the water.
Far more than my element,
it's also my domain.
[ISHIKAWA]
Could've fooled me, landlubber.
Technically,
I really like swimming, too!
[ISHIKAWA] That's rich coming
from a guy skipping pool day.
But, I know that's only 'cause
he wants to keep his ink secret.
-My foot cramped! Help me!
-Shuu! Don't die!
You did that Inugami
Clan handstand thingamajiggy,
didn't you?
I won't deny it
but, yeah, I did.
So you did.
[IURA]
Come to think of it,
why were the two of them
excused from actual swimming?
Seems fine to me.
Sengoku's arm combusted,
while Miyamura is on his period.
-Uh-huh.
-...personalities ever.
Well, it is summertime.
-Bound to be a big bang or two.
-Huh?